---
slug: 'faqs'
sidebar_position: 7
---
# FAQs

## 1. What will this app do?

This app will help you to **print and download** a single order or **a large quantity all at once**, depending on your demands. Additionally, it allows you to **customize** your own templates and even access the liquid variables to **personalize** your layout’s billing documents. In particular, “Automation Emails” will help both you and your clients to save time and effort since it will **send an auto-email** to your customers with PDF billing document attachments.

## 2. How do I get support?

Please start by **consulting the FAQs**. If you can not find any necessary information, reach out to us by using the **live chat feature** in the app or **support email** if you need assistance using the app. 

Keep in touch with us whenever you experience issues with this app. We guarantee to give you **24/7 superior customer service.**

## 3. Which advanced features can I experience with the Unlimited plan?

With the Unlimited plan, besides all the available features of the Professional plan, you will be able to access the advanced functions. They are: Template customization by experts; Auto detect billing's country when print & export; and Highest priority support

## 4. Will the 7-day Trial allow me to access all features of your paid plan?

In the 7-day trial, you can definitely use all the features included in the plan that you’ve paid for. 

## 5. If I cancel in free period, will I have to pay an amount of fee?

If you cancel a subscription within a free trial period, you will not be charged for it.

## 6. **Will I be charged directly when the Trial ends?**

Please **write us a review** after you have experience with our app. Your honest feedback **encourages** us and helps us to **make improvements** to our app! 

                                                      🥰The end. Thank you for reading🥰
